>> Kyle Simpson: Lets talk about
the solution to exercise four.
I said, the goal was to add a feature
which was the click to expand.
If I open this up.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
I run the fixed version of it.
Just so
we are aware of what it's supposed to do.
If I were to say, I worked on
some really tough things today,
and then say I spent
75 minutes doing that.
You'll notice that it has truncated.
Let me zoom that in just a smidge,
so it's easier to see.
You'll notice it's truncated it, but
if I click on it, it expands it.
So that was the simple use case
that we were supposed to implement.
There are of course multiple
ways to do that, and
perhaps even better ways to
do that than with closure,
but the intent here was to
illustrate the usage of closure.
So what we did was, we wanted to
find where that clicking would
be set up, and it should be set up in
the place where you create that entry
each time the work is added,
which is the function addWorkToProject.
So in this function,
we're creating the data, and
then calling addWorkEntryToList.
Sorry, it'll be addWorkEntryToList
where we're dealing with the DOM.
So in this function,
we have the work entry data which would
include the lengthened description.
But we wanna go ahead and
set up a click handler for that element.
And that click handler,
if we do it as an inline function,
it's going to be able to close over that
work entry data variable, and therefore
be able to use that value even if click it
at a later time cuz, it will close at run.
So if we scroll to the solution here,
>> Kyle Simpson: Actually I
guess I move it to setup work description,
since that one makes more sense.
So in the to do comment here,
that's where we wanna add in our solution.
So, we already were adding
the class shortened,
in the case where the length was
already longer than it should've been.
So we already were adding the class
shortened which is the thing that
puts a little mouse cursor over it,
to let you know that it's clickable.
Now we just need to add a click handler.
So just the same way we did the click
handler for the button to add the work,
here we're adding a click handler to
the actual description dom element.
And that on-click handler,
you'll notice that I want to be
able to unbind that event handler.
So I gave that function expression a name.
So that I have that name to self
reference to use inside of myself.
Technically, jQuery doesn't require that,
some frameworks can remember it.
And they know what to remove and
some don't.
But I think it's a good best practice,
to specifically say this is
the handler I wanna remove.
[COUGH] And the important part here
is that we are closing over the work
entry data variable,
we're closing over that because we've
been provided that work
entry data as a parameter.
So that's a variable in our scope, and
this interfunction closes over that.
So even though it's gonna run it a later
time and theoretically that scope should
have gone away, that variable in
particular would have been preserved
through closure for us to use later.
>> Kyle Simpson: Very
simple illustration using
closure to our advantage.